[MUSIC]
>> Lukas: Does anybody have any questions?
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: The top of your form you
have a variable name group it looks like.
You built an NG form.
>> Lukas: Mm-hm.
This one right here?
>> Speaker 2: No.
Next line down.
Name group, # Name Group.
>> Lukas: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: So is that
just taking ngControl group
value as a variable and
then assigning it to ngForm?
>> Lukas: So
I'm gonna to struggle to explain this.
>> Speaker 2: I'm just struggling trying
to cuz there is actually some
magic going under the hood, here.
>> Lukas: So, when, hold on one second.
I may be able to connect the dots here.
>> Lukas: All right.
[LAUGH]
>> Lukas: For
every form, Just like in Angular 1,
you get this thing attached to it.
In this case, it is ngForm.
And so now, what we're doing is, we have
this ngForm thing floating out here.
We need to create a local reference so
that we can actually do something with it.
And so
this is very much like in Angular 1,
you would actually have
to give the form a name.
So in this case we're saying,
we're gonna create this local
variable called name group.
We're going to attach it to form.
Which we're then going to
attach to our control group.
And so, what this is doing,
by creating this local variable
passing it into our control group.
We are now connecting this underlying
form directive and the state.
Really what we're doing is we're
controlling this to this model right here.
And so, we're simply saying now what we're
doing is we're taking this person object
and we're, so
when you have a form you have two states.
You have the actual values in the form and
then you have the state of the form, so
for instance is it in a valid state.
Has it been touched?
You know what are the validaters for that?
So enabler one you would actually dump out
the form group and you could see that.
And so this is essentially the way
that they are doing it and
it seems to be kind of a bit of a magical
way, but we're simple saying now.
Because angular two will actually
generate these form groups for
you on the fly, like implicitly.
So like they'll just happen or
you can manually create them.
So you can say I want to
explicitly create these and
the best way to do that
is using form builder.
But we're saying I want
to take this form and
I want to set it as my control group for
this, so the actual form directive, and
then I want to connect it my data module.
>> Speaker 3: So
if we were to create another Group,
you could attach it to the same ng form.
You would attach it to
the same ng form then.
So if you have a name group,
let's say you had an address group,
you would follow the same process and
pound address group.
You go to the ng form., and now you have
a name group and address group available.
>> Lukas: Yup, so
it allows you to actually break
this up and kinda group so
with Angular 1 you kinda
had just this one thing.
And now, what you can do is say I want
to apply specific behavior to these two
fields, but for
this group I wanna do this.
And so it allows you really
fine grained control over one,
how you control each element in your form.
And so, I think for
me that's where the confusion came in is,
like I was used to dealing with
everything on a per form basis.
And now, they say, no, no, no, no, we're
not gonna give you the form controller.
We're actually going to give you,
basically, just a form control,
a single one.
Then we're going to allow you to group it.
And then we're going to
give you the form builder
to attach additional
things like validators.
Which for me is going from, Hey, model
is completely sufficient And verbally.
I know that's naive because eventually if
you're doing [INAUDIBLE] applications,
you're running to
a situation where it's like.
I would like to use or
not to submit this until they filled
this form out into an appropriate state.
And so that's where,
you can do it with control group.
Or you know, even a single control, but
I think that form builder by grouping it
together allows you to, actually yeah
with form builder allows you to actually
add in the different validations for that.
>> Speaker 3: And
then there's one builder per form?
>> Lukas: To the best of my analogy,
yes.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
I'm sure you find an for
everything, right?
Yeah.
So in that case you would
have builder group you
could have address groups-
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Lukas: And so this is really
Kind of an interesting thing for
me to try to explain, even with Angular 1,
what's all this magic
happening under the hood?
If somebody does a form all of
a sudden they're getting these
styles reflective of input,
what's going on?
And this is kind of the same thing
happening with providing this N G form
kind of directive that you can
point to using a local variable.
So, hashtag local variable for the wind.
And then now, we can go in and
say: hey what's the state of this.
And that's how we're able to,
in here, and let's just jump in here,
we can modify this.
And you can also see
this in action when you,
do we need to submit.
So, for instance,
here we're doing the same thing.
We're creating a local
variable person form, and
we're saying hey, it's this form.
And then when we call submit
we're just passing that in.
And then down here We can
say is this valid or not.
Just like an angula one,
angula two is providing a mechanism for
us to not only know the data model
of the form, but the state of the.
And so this is actually a better
way to visualize this with
every form you have NG form that you can
bind too, so you create a local variable.
And then, you can do something with that.
In this case,
we're just finding the to submit event and
we are passing it in to submit form.
And then, in this case I am just going to
fill this in, so this is a little weird.
Angular material is doing something odd,
but you can submit.
And then we get this, but we can know
right away that this thing is not valid.
So how we're doing that is by
creating a reference to the form,
so we're saying ngform equals
this local variable, and
then now we can access it and
know things about it.
Also, you can do just like
in Angular 1 .air and
you can attach different CSS styles, etc.
Any questions about that?
>> Speaker 4: I think I'm
still a little confused on
this notion of naming group.
Your, not that one in the editor.
Go back to With the term.
>> Lukas: It's
in here somewhere.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah,
so you've got a local variable
you just called nameGroup, right?
Now is that sort of arbitrary compared
to the one you've got down in your
builder?
>> Lukas: So
name group is completely arbitrary.
>> Speaker 4: Okay, and
then the one that's next to it for
the control group?
Is that referring to the one next to it or
the one down below?
>> Lukas: So
what I'm doing here is I'm saying this
control group equals this main group.
>> Speaker 4: Okay, all right.
>> Lukas: So what you're able to do.
Let me see if I can find this in the
documentation where they talk about this.
>> Lukas: I had to read this a few times,
>> Lukas: Hold on.
>> Lukas: So in the docs here,
you can see real quick, again,
just a variation of what we saw earlier.
They're creating a local variable,
F, so that's totally variable.
And they're saying, when we submit this.
Just pass this in.
>> Speaker 4: So
I noticed you're doing it that way in
your example, your but based example.
And then, in your IDE you're
doing it that ngform control
in bracket equals personform or
something like that?
But those are one and the same?
>> Lukas: Let's
see here.
>> Speaker 4: So
there ngFormModel = personForm.
>> Lukas: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 4: And then if you go to
your example in your browser.
>> Lukas: [NOISE]
Up here?
>> Speaker 4: Nope.
>> Lukas: Or the other one.
>> Speaker 4: Other one, there you go,
pound person form engine form.
So I'm assuming those are one in the same?
>> Lukas: So
this is just a local variable.
Well, so you can do this as many times
as you want, I don't know, this is,
I may have jumped the tracks
on splitting this together.
So here you can see
that we are doing like,
this is happening In a few places,
just, I would ignore that.
You only need to do this once to
have access to the entire thing, so
I will update this to be less confusing.